For safe landing of airdropped materials, compliant legs are much more effective than rigid legs.
This is supported by  the experimental result the test robot experienced
7.7 × 10 m/s2 or 7.9 g-acceleration when dropped from height
of 37.85 cm. This result is much better than the result of
1.4 × 102 m/s2 or 14.7 g-acceleration when dropped at 10% of
the original height with the same robot equipped with rigid legs.

Advantages of usinng compliant legs(passive damping):
Limitation of using parachute is that it can only reduce speed upto terminal velocity.
Other methods for impact attenuation lead to o additional weight, cost, and effort to pack
and unpack cargo and hide the system from enemy detectionif necessary.
These are overcome by using compliant legs quadruped.

These can be reused and can be applied to locomotion as well.

compliant actuators cannot only allow energy storage, but also allow for better shock tolerance.


Active damping works well with rigid actuators.
Limitation of active damping:

active damping alone with such actuators is not
effective unless the robot can accurately predict its impact. Otherwise, impact on rigid legs
will be too short that a robot’s controller will not be able to
react in time to attenuate impact properly.
Due to the mechanical lag of the servos, the robot’s leg
posture could not be adjusted fast enough to effectively
reduce the peak acceleration during the landings. In addition,
the servos had the tendency to freeze upon impact, rendering 
active damping ineffective

Advantage of a 3 segment leg over 2 segment joint leg:
The optimal minimum acceleration
for the 2SCJ configuration is at around 110 m/s2 or 11 g’s,
much higher than that of 3S configuration. This is likely
because the 3S legs have two segments that fold during
landing, whereas the 2SCJ legs only have one. Thus, the
latter fold over a shorter distance. As a result, the 2SCJ
springs must be stiffer in order to decelerate the body while
covering less vertical distance. In addition, the 2SCJ springs
require a longer range of motion than 3S, which increases
minimum size of pulley to cover the range of motion, thus
leading to greater load on knee servos and less faborable leg
performance compared to that of 3S.

The impact attenuation performance of
compliant legs was also shown better compared to active
damping or control of posture on a quadruped robot with
rigid legs. In addition, a robot with compliant legs was
much more likely to land on its four feet